~/forecast4/test/product_dd.txt

Tdd1.txt is the product vision for an online business.
Jan 4, 2019 discussion Dan Bikle and Dave Devries

This is a sketch - to be completed in more detail.

Product definition
Stock market movement prediction  using fundamentals for monthly macro picture (economics) and technicals (movement) for intra-hour. A finding is that accurate market movement prediction for the next hour or day is not possible using economic data, but is feasible using inter-day momentum indicators. Conversely, economic indicators are very capable of identifying macro trends leading to recessions and majpr market  movements.

Vehicle - website, email subscribers. 
Content - actionable newsletter. 
Website design key.

Copy the look and feel of the best sites

Financial daily predictor and monthly predictor
- encourage sandbox where users can gamify for the best results (Quantopian)

Customer models - A, B
A = CompSci type (200M?) partner - loyal web following like Stratechery
B = Non academic but outcome oriented, gamify it.?
Website UX - Gliffy and/or MS Visio drawings


ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo ooooooo

The above text is a starting point.

I work with the above text to create some manual tests:

We should have a file called ~/forecast4/test/product_dd.txt

product_dd.txt should have some manual tests which help us define the product and some of the product-technology.

Currently the product should be called forecast4.us

Scripts inside forecast4.us should copy economic indicators into CSV files.

forecast4.us should allow users to register and thus share their e-mail address with us.

forecast4.us should allow us to send a newsletter to e-mail addresses of our users.

forecast4.us should have website look and feel which seems, better than "the best sites".

forecast4.us should transform economic indicators inside CSV files into daily predictions.

forecast4.us should transform economic indicators inside CSV files into monthly predictions.

forecast4.us UX should be specified by Gliffy and/or MS Visio drawings

